this is a real wildlife drama happening
right now just surfacing right behind
the sea line almost like they're playing
within but I think it's more because
he's just in amongst kelp thick seaweed
which forms like a forest under the
under the water possible also that it's
quite shallow here and they can't quite
get in at him no match for an entire pod
of killer whales the brainy sea lion
wisely hides where they can't follow
hiding in the kelp makes it harder for
the killer whales to see him and
impossible to actually get at him the
frustrated killer whales step the hunt
up a gear the jumping the splashing and
the tail slaps are all meant to
intimidate the sea lion and drive him
out of the kelp
I don't believe what's happening this is
the most incredible wildlife drama I
think I've ever seen
they're trying to freak it out and dry
the out from where it from it's where
it's over
over here we've got one for rushing its
tail go absolutely crazy with tail slaps
and he's heading out he's heading your
way
our gutsy sea lion hasn't been fooled
he's using his superior maneuverability
to outwit the Orca big burst of bubbles
right underneath where the sea lion was
it's a waiting game for both the killer
whales and the sea lion
the ceilings back out again
she asked for markable and the sea lion
has managed to escape I can't believe
the way our drama seems to be finishing
the sea lions headed off in that
direction and our pot of orchids eeeem
to have given up and they're heading off
that way
there they go he got away with it he
escaped that has got to be the gutsiest
sea line on the planet swimming in that
direction right around the shore